So if you run this algorithm this first method is going to take approximately 20 minutes to finish.
So I have already ran it the algorithm and this is the solution.
So as you can see blue line is the actual S&P 500 Pisces.
I have downloaded from Yahoo Finance and the green line is the prediction made by the model as you can
see we are able to analyze the trends with the help of recurrent natural networks and long short term
memory architecture.
We are not able to grasp the daily changes.
So as you can see we are not able to end up with an algorithm that's going to be able to predict all
the little movements.
But as you can see it is able to understand the trends here for example at the beginning the stock price
went up.
So as you can see the stock price went up according to our model here in this region.
The stock price began to fall.
So ISTM architecture is able to predict this trend as well.
And as you can see it is able to predict that the stock price is going to increase.
As you can see the stock price has increased.
OK then the value has decreased.
But in the main we are happily recurrent now where all the networks we are able to understand the trends
in stock prices by the way we have analyzed a data set starting from 2001 to now up to 2000 and 16 within
this interval the volatility was approximately constant.
So there hasn't been any volatility clustering.
So if we take a look at the splot we have been dealing with these values here so 2010 13 Okay approximately
up to 2000 and 16.
So as you can see here the volatility was approximately constant.
If we click on maximum there's been a huge volatility clustering around 2008 so this is the big financial
crisis.
So I've been testing recurrent now run networks in the past three weeks and I came to the conclusion
that it is working quite fine when the volatility is approximately constant.
It is not going to yield good results during the financial crisis with high variance in volatility.
It is not going to develop now a days when theres a huge volatility clustering.
As far as S&P 500 or the Dow Jones is concerned.
So the conclusion is recurrent.
Now run networks and deep learning in domain is able to predict trends as far as stock prices are concerned.
In my opinion we have to combine deep learning algorithms.
We need time series analyzes in order to end up with a rather good trading algorithm.
Thanks for watching.